docs: add questions to FAQ (#667)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/faq.mdx

---

> title: o1js FAQ

Author: ```suggestion
title: o1js and zkApps FAQ
```

sidebar_label: FAQ
description: Answers to common questions about zkApps and o1js, a library that creates zk circuits from user code. Learn about the use of built-in o1js datatypes, functions, and the implications for proof generation.
keywords:
  - o1js
  - FAQ
  - smart contract
  - zkApps
---

## What files do I use to write zkApps?

There are many approaches to building a smart contract. For the zkApp tutorials, most examples follow this convention:

- `index.ts`: The entry point of your project that imports all smart contract classes you want access to and exports them to your smart contract. 

> - `main.ts`: How you interact with the smart contract. For example, the `import` statement brings in items from `o1js` that you use to interact with your smart contract. 

Reviewer: I would rephrase `items` to maybe methods or objects from o1js

> - `main.ts`: How you interact with the smart contract. For example, the `import` statement brings in items from `o1js` that you use to interact with your smart contract. 

Author: ```suggestion
- `main.ts`: How you interact with the smart contract. For example, the `import` statement brings in objects and methods from `o1js` that you use to interact with your smart contract. 
```
